Add Git repository URL description (#2895)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/starting-a-workspace-from-a-git-repository-url.adoc

[id="starting-a-workspace-from-a-git-repository-url"]
= Starting a workspace from a Git repository URL

In the context of this procedure, "Git repository URL" refers to a git clone URL of a repository. Usually, you can fetch this URL by clicking on the *Clone* button in the SCM repository's main page.
Alternatively, you can copy the URL from the address bar of your browser when you are on the main page of the repository.
Selecting a branch or a tag will add the reference parameter to the URL.
[NOTE]
====

> We also support a repository URL of a directory with a devfile, or a repository URL of the devfile.
> The devfile has to be named as `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml`. This feature works with GitHub URLs only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GitHub, you can also use a repository URL of a directory with a devfile, or a repository URL of the devfile.
The name of the devfile must be `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml`.

This feature is not supported for other Git providers.
```

[id="starting-a-workspace-from-a-git-repository-url"]
= Starting a workspace from a Git repository URL

> By `Git repository URL`, we mean a git clone URL of a repository. Usually, this URL can be fetched by clicking on the `Clone` button in the SCM repository's main page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of this procedure, "Git repository URL", refers to a git clone URL of a repository. Usually, you can fetch this URL by clicking on the *Clone* button in the SCM repository's main page.
```

> In the context of this procedure, "Git repository URL", refers to a git clone URL of a repository. Usually, you can fetch this URL by clicking on the *Clone* button in the SCM repository's main page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the context of this procedure, "Git repository URL" refers to a git clone URL of a repository. Usually, you can fetch this URL by clicking on the *Clone* button in the SCM repository's main page.
```

Alternatively, you can copy the URL from the address bar of your browser when you are on the main page of the repository.
Selecting a branch or a tag will add the reference parameter to the URL.
[NOTE]
====

> As an experimental feature, we support a repository url of a directory with a devfile or a repository url of the devfile.

Reviewer: is an experimental feature the same as a tech preview?

Author: Not sure that it is the same. From my understanding, the idea of an experimental feature is that it will not necessary be a part of the  product in future in case we have some problems with it.

Reviewer: where does the info come from?

Author: cc @ibuziuk

Reviewer 2: this should be considered as a regular GitHub related feature for Dev Spaces 3.21, not experimental
Please, reword

Author: Removed the experimental feature mention @ibuziuk @deerskindoll please take a look.

> We also support a repository url of a directory with a devfile, or a repository url of the devfile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also support a repository URL of a directory with a devfile, or a repository URL of the devfile.
```

> The devfile has to be named as `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The devfile has to be named as `devfile.yaml` or `.devfile.yaml`. This feature works with GitHub URLs only.

```

> This feature works with GitHub urls only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
